Add instructions for setting up a cronjob in the docs (#8870)
certbot/certbot: certbot/docs/using.rst

If you are unsure whether you need to configure automated renewal:

1. Review the instructions for your system and installation method at
   https://certbot.eff.org/instructions. They will describe how to set up a scheduled task,
   if necessary. If no step is listed, your system comes with automated renewal pre-installed,
   and you should not need to take any additional actions.
2. On Linux and BSD, you can check to see if your installation method has pre-installed a timer
   for you. To do so, look for the ``certbot renew`` command in either your system's crontab
   (typically `/etc/crontab` or `/etc/cron.*/*`) or systemd timers (``systemctl list-timers``).
3. If you're still not sure, you can configure automated renewal manually by following the steps
   in the next section. Certbot has been carefully engineered to handle the case where both manual

>    automated renewal and pre-installed automated renewal are set up.

Reviewer: <img src="https://media1.tenor.com/images/0f04377fd5dab138e5c4b68456126da7/tenor.gif" width="200px">

Author: ok fair. I just figured people might worry about this and wanted to reassure them! the lock system really is quite reliable! it should be fine!

Setting up automated renewal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you think you may need to set up automated renewal, follow these instructions to set up a

> scheduled task to automatically renew your certificates in the background. On the off chance you
> ended up at these instructions but automated renewal was pre-installed on your system, following
> these instructions should not cause any problems.

Reviewer: I feel like we should avoid making any hedging or weaselly statements here. The instructions will just work!

My very quick attempt, but something else would probably be better:

```suggestion
scheduled task to automatically renew your certificates in the background. If you are unsure 
whether your system has a pre-installed scheduled task for Certbot, it is safe to follow these
instructions to create one.
```

Author: Wow, what a role reversal of our usual stances. But you're totally right, this is much better.

If you're using Windows, these instructions will not work.

> Run the following line, which will add a cron job to the default crontab:

Author: I did copy and paste this from our other instructions, so we should update this and any other changes there as well, which I was conveniently planning to update anyway.

.. code-block:: shell

>   SLEEPTIME=$(awk 'BEGIN{srand(); print int(rand()*(3600+1))}'); echo "0 0,12 * * * root sleep $SLEEPTIME &amp;&amp; certbot renew -q" | sudo tee -a /etc/crontab > /dev/null

Author: ack whyyy (I mean I know why, it's because that was raw html and this is rst, but still). nice catch, thanks!

If you needed to stop your webserver to run Certbot, you'll want to
add ``--pre-hook`` and ``--post-hook`` flags after ``certbot renew`` to stop
and start your webserver automatically. For example, if your webserver is HAProxy, modify the

> command as follows:

Reviewer: I have misgivings about this advice, though this probably isn't the PR to discuss this.

 For example, see [this forum thread from today](https://community.letsencrypt.org/t/renewing-certificats-and-configuring-on-windows-10/152593?u=_az). On any OS where preconfigured renewal is enabled, the user is not going to be able to make this adjustment.

If we're going to give out advice on how to stop/start a server using hooks, it should be catering to both preconfigured and manually-configured audiences:

- Doing it as part of lineage config (pass flags or modify renewal parameters), or
- Use the provided `hooks/{pre,post}` directories.

Author: It sure is copy-pasted. I do like having unified instructions if possible though, so we can discuss it here.

If we do it the lineage config way, this is not where those instructions go (they should go where we tell users how to run certbot, not set up renewal). I do worry that people might see this who didn't come from the instruction generator. In that case, what would we want here? It might in fact still be this, since it's the easiest and (I'm pretty sure) most common way to set things up, even if it's not the best.

I do actually think the directories are fine, since presumably they ran the initial issuance manually. And then we could keep it at this point in the instructions, which is appealing. It does mean it's no longer a one-line command, but I think that's fine.

Having written this all out, I've convinced myself to go towards the latter option, so I'll draft the new directions and have that up in a sec.

Setting up automated renewal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you think you may need to set up automated renewal, follow these instructions to set up a
scheduled task to automatically renew your certificates in the background. If you are unsure 
whether your system has a pre-installed scheduled task for Certbot, it is safe to follow these
instructions to create one.

If you're using Windows, these instructions will not work.

Run the following line, which will add a cron job to `/etc/crontab`:

.. code-block:: shell

  SLEEPTIME=$(awk 'BEGIN{srand(); print int(rand()*(3600+1))}'); echo "0 0,12 * * * root sleep $SLEEPTIME && certbot renew -q" | sudo tee -a /etc/crontab > /dev/null

If you needed to stop your webserver to run Certbot, you'll want to
add ``pre`` and ``post`` hooks to stop and start your webserver automatically.
For example, if your webserver is HAProxy, run the following commands to create the hook files
in the appropriate directory:

.. code-block:: shell

  echo 'service haproxy stop' | sudo tee -a /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/pre/haproxy-stop > /dev/null
  echo 'service haproxy start' | sudo tee -a /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/post/haproxy-start > /dev/null

>   chmod +x /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/pre/haproxy-stop /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/post/haproxy-start

Author: which part of this isn't general? the sudo bit? it's certbot that's putting that directory there.

>   chmod +x /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/pre/haproxy-stop /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/post/haproxy-start

Reviewer: Windows! It's just at the top of my mind because it came up just yesterday, but I'm mostly mulling thoughts about how to deal with that in the medium future, if our Windows support becomes more sophisticated.

>   chmod +x /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/pre/haproxy-stop /etc/letsencrypt/renewal-hooks/post/haproxy-start

Author: Ohhhh lol I wasn't even considering Windows, I thought you might mean some obscure flavor of linux. Yeah, I think that's a different conversation.
